This folder holds all the files automatically generated by the MaAsLin2 program.

1. Data output files
    * ``all_results.tsv``
        * This includes the same data as the data.frame returned.
        * This file contains all results ordered by increasing q-value.
        * The first columns are the metadata and feature names.
        * The next two columns are the value and coefficient from the model.
        * The next column is the standard deviation from the model.
        * The ``N`` column is the total number of data points.
        * The ``N.not.zero`` column is the total of non-zero data points.
        * The pvalue from the calculation is the second to last column.
        * The qvalue is computed with `p.adjust` with the correction method.
    * ``significant_results.tsv``
        * This file is a subset of the results in the first file.
        * It only includes associations with q-values <= to the threshold.
    * ``residuals.rds``
        * This file contains a data frame with residuals for each feature.
    * ``maaslin2.log``
        * This file contains all log information for the run.
        * It includes all settings, warnings, errors, and steps run.
2. Visualization output files
    * ``heatmap.pdf``
        * This file contains a heatmap of the significant associations.
    * ``[a-z/0-9]+.pdf``
        * A plot is generated for each significant association.
        * Scatter plots are used for continuous metadata.
        * Box plots are for categorical data.
        * Data points plotted are after normalization, filtering, and transform.
